Specify MvcOptions.ReturnHttpNotAcceptable for 406 (#21349)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/advanced/formatting.md

If no formatter is found that can satisfy the client's request, ASP.NET Core:

> * Returns `406 Not Acceptable` if `ReturnHttpNotAcceptable` is set to true on <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.MvcOptions>, or -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Returns `406 Not Acceptable` if <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.MvcOptions.ReturnHttpNotAcceptable?displayProperty=nameWithType> is set to `true`, or -
```

@Rick-Anderson ... Here's the API cross-link if you want it. I'm just sitting here wrapping things up today and waiting for an engineer to get back to me, so I thought I'd post this for you if you want it.
